then bildad the shuhite answered how
then bildad the shuhite answered how long can you put an end to words gain
long can you put an end to words gain
long can you put an end to words gain understanding and afterward we will
understanding and afterward we will
understanding and afterward we will speak why are we counted as beasts and
speak why are we counted as beasts and
speak why are we counted as beasts and regarded as stupid in your sight you who
regarded as stupid in your sight you who
regarded as stupid in your sight you who tear yourself an anger shall the earth
tear yourself an anger shall the earth
tear yourself an anger shall the earth before se caen for you or shall the rock
before se caen for you or shall the rock
before se caen for you or shall the rock be removed from its place the light of
be removed from its place the light of
be removed from its place the light of the wicked indeed goes out and the flame
the wicked indeed goes out and the flame
the wicked indeed goes out and the flame of his fire does not shine the light is
of his fire does not shine the light is
of his fire does not shine the light is dark in his tent and his lamp beside him
dark in his tent and his lamp beside him
dark in his tent and his lamp beside him is put out the steps of his strengths
is put out the steps of his strengths
is put out the steps of his strengths are shortened and his own counsel casts
are shortened and his own counsel casts
are shortened and his own counsel casts him down for he is cast into a net by
him down for he is cast into a net by
him down for he is cast into a net by his own feet and he walks into a snare
his own feet and he walks into a snare
his own feet and he walks into a snare then it takes him by the heel and a
then it takes him by the heel and a
then it takes him by the heel and a snare lays hold of him a noose is hidden
snare lays hold of him a noose is hidden
snare lays hold of him a noose is hidden for him on the ground and a trap for him
for him on the ground and a trap for him
for him on the ground and a trap for him in the road terrors frighten him on
in the road terrors frighten him on
in the road terrors frighten him on every side and drive him to his feet his
every side and drive him to his feet his
every side and drive him to his feet his strength is starved and destruction is
strength is starved and destruction is
strength is starved and destruction is ready at his side it devours patches of
ready at his side it devours patches of
ready at his side it devours patches of his skin the firstborn of death devours
his skin the firstborn of death devours
his skin the firstborn of death devours his limbs he is uprooted from the
his limbs he is uprooted from the
his limbs he is uprooted from the shelter of his tent and they parade him
shelter of his tent and they parade him
shelter of his tent and they parade him before the king of terrors they dwell in
before the king of terrors they dwell in
before the king of terrors they dwell in his tent who are none of his brimstone
his tent who are none of his brimstone
his tent who are none of his brimstone is scattered on his dwelling his roots
is scattered on his dwelling his roots
is scattered on his dwelling his roots are dried out below in his branch
are dried out below in his branch
are dried out below in his branch withers above the memory of him perishes
withers above the memory of him perishes
withers above the memory of him perishes from the earth and he has no name among
from the earth and he has no name among
from the earth and he has no name among the renowned he is driven from light
the renowned he is driven from light
the renowned he is driven from light into darkness and chased out of the
into darkness and chased out of the
into darkness and chased out of the world he has neither Sun nor posterity
world he has neither Sun nor posterity
world he has neither Sun nor posterity among his people nor any remaining in
among his people nor any remaining in
among his people nor any remaining in his dwellings those in the West are
his dwellings those in the West are
his dwellings those in the West are astonished at his day and those in the
astonished at his day and those in the
astonished at his day and those in the East are frightened
East are frightened
East are frightened surely such are the dwellings of the
surely such are the dwellings of the
surely such are the dwellings of the wicked and this is the place of him who
wicked and this is the place of him who
wicked and this is the place of him who does not know God
does not know God
does not know God [Music]